Split contributing docs to multiple files (#36969)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/05_pull_requests.rst

is sure that the PR should not be merged in the current state. That should lead to faster review/merge
cycle and less problems with stalled PRs that have ``Request changes`` status but all the issues are
already solved (assuming that maintainers will start treating the conversations this way).

.. _coding_style:

Coding style and best practices
===============================

Most of our coding style rules are enforced programmatically by ruff and mypy, which are run automatically
with static checks and on every Pull Request (PR), but there are some rules that are not yet automated and
are more Airflow specific or semantic than style.

Don't Use Asserts Outside Tests
-------------------------------

Our community agreed that to various reasons we do not use ``assert`` in production code of Apache Airflow.
For details check the relevant `mailing list thread <https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/bcf2d23fcd79e21b3aac9f32914e1bf656e05ffbcb8aa282af497a2d%40%3Cdev.airflow.apache.org%3E>`_.

In other words instead of doing:

.. code-block:: python

    assert some_predicate()

you should do:

.. code-block:: python

    if not some_predicate():
        handle_the_case()

> The one exception to this is if you need to make an assert for typechecking (which should be almost a last resort) you can do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The one exception to this is if you need to make an assert for type checking (which should be almost a last resort) you can do this:
```
